Docs Enhancements To CLI Section (#689)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/cli/reference/dataset.md

Available `command`s:

> - `configure`: Create/configure a dataset directly from the command-line, including customizing components such as remote source (`from` in a Spicepod) and acceleration along with metadata such as name and description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `configure`: Create/configure a dataset directly from the command-line, including customizing components such as Data Connector (`from` in a Spicepod) and acceleration along with metadata.
```

#### Flags

- `-h`, `--help` Print this help message

### Sample Output

#### Output from Configure

```bash
2024/12/18 01:06:32 INFO dataset name: sample-project
remote-source # Input 1: Name of dataset
2024/12/18 01:06:59 WARN Dataset names with hyphens should be quoted in queries:
i.e. SELECT * FROM "remote-source"
description: description of remote-source # Input 2: Description
from: remote-source-location # Input 3: Source
2024/12/18 01:07:25 INFO locally accelerate (y/n)? (y)
n # Input 4: Acceleration

> 2024/12/18 01:07:32 INFO Saved datasets/remote-source/dataset.yaml

Reviewer: This should have be a working example
